First batch for the new components doc (#24571)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/public/components/creating-bundles.md

# Creating a bundle

A bundle is a grouping of related components. The goal of a bundle is to ease the usage of multiple components working together to constitute a product.

One example is `DogStatsD`, a server to receive metrics locally from customer apps. `DogStatsD` is composed of 9+
components, but most binaries just want to include `DogStatsD` as a whole.

> For use cases like that of DogStatsD, create a bundle.

Reviewer: We should also explain what should be in a bundle (sub components) and what should not be in a bundle.

# Creating a bundle

Bundles are grouping of related components. The goal of a bundle is simply to ease usage of multiple components working
as a whole to offer a product.

A good example is `DogStatsD`, which is a server to receive metrics locally from customer apps. It's composed of 9+

> components, but most binaries just want to include `DogStatsD` as a whole.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
components, but most binaries just want to include all of `DogStatsD` as a whole.
```

> components, but most binaries just want to include `DogStatsD` as a whole.

Author: We're building binaries for our users. What we're trying to say is that at the binary level we want to include DogStatsD as a whole.

```suggestion
components, but at the binary level we just want to include `DogStatsD` as a whole.
```
Is it better ?

For this use case a bundle is created.

## Creating a bundle

A bundle eases the aggregation of multiple components and lives in `comp/<bundlesName>/`.

=== ":octicons-file-code-16: comp/&lt;bundleName&gt;/bundle.go"
    ```go
    // Package <bundleName> ...
    package <bundleName>

    import (
        "github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/pkg/util/fxutil"

        // We import all the components that we want to aggregate. A bundle must only aggregate components within its
        // sub-folders.

>         comp1 "github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/comp/<bundleName>/comp1/fx"

Reviewer 2: According to the new component rfc, the alias would be `comp1fx`.
